# Detailed Mission Description (SPOILER ALERT)
* Artemis starts out in space near the bottom of the map. There is a deep space station, a science station, two pods of unscanned whales, and one unscanned shark on the map, as well as some asteroid belts and nubulae.
* Shortly after the start, Admiral Bassi contacts the Artemis and directs them to go to the science to station to pick up some scientists, then investigate whales. Ideally, the crew will do what they're told, but they don't have to. Future interactions will change depending on whether or not the scientists are on board.
* If Artemis gets within 1000k of a whale, the scientists (if aboard) will send a comm encouraging them to look at the whales through a viewer. Shortly after, poachers will appear and start hunting the whales.
* Every time a while dies, either the Admiral or the scientists (if aboard) will send a comm to the Artemis telling them to do something.
* If the Artemis destroys the poacher ship OR gets them to surrender, they will incur the wrath of Captain Spacebeard, the pirate kingpin in the sector. Captain Spacebeard will send a fleet of three ships, one Strongbow and two Longbows, to attack the Artemis.
* If Artemis destroys all three ships in the pirate fleet, Captain Spacebeard will send another fleet of three ships. Internally, the game difficulty will also increase. This will continue until time runs out, Artemis is destroyed, or the Artemis forces the surrender of any single pirate ship.
* If the Artemis convinces even one pirate ship to surrender, ALL the remaining ships will surrender. Captain Spacebeard will send a comm surrendering, and the Admiral will send congratulations. This is considered "victory" for the scenario. At this point players can explore the map for the rest of the time.
* The mission runs for a fixed 15 minutes, and will post prominent 5 minute and 1 minute warnings on the main viewer, and also play a distinct sound chime with each time warning.